“Our eyes, locked together, speak more naked truths than our mouths ever have.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Maybe love isn’t something that comes full circle. It just ebbs and flows, in and out, just like the people in our lives” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Just because someone hurts you doesn't mean you can simply stop loving them. It's not a person's actions that hurt the most. It's the love. If there was no love attached to the action, the pain would be a little easier to bear.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“There is no such thing as bad people. We’re all just people who sometimes do bad things.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“It stops here. With me and you. It ends with us.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“All humans make mistakes. What determines a person's character aren't the mistakes we make. It's how we take those mistakes and turn them into lessons rather than excuses.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“In the future... if by some miracle you ever find yourself in the position to fall in love again... fall in love with me.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“You can stop swimming now, Lily. We finally reached the shore.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Just because we didn’t end up on the same wave, doesn’t mean we aren’t still a part of the same ocean.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“You’re only human. And as humans, we can’t expect to shoulder all of our pain. Sometimes we have to share it with the people who love us so we don’t come crashing down from the weight of it all” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Preventing your heart from forgiving someone you love is actually a hell of a lot harder than simply forgiving them.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“I’ll keep pretending to swim, when really all I’m doing is floating. Barely keeping my head above water.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Cycles exist because they are excruciating to break. It takes an astronomical amount of pain and courage to disrupt a familiar pattern. Sometimes it seems easier to just keep running in the same familiar circles, rather than facing the fear of jumping and possibly not landing on your feet.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“And as hard as this choice is, we break the pattern before the pattern breaks us.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us
“Naked truths aren’t always pretty.” ― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us